---
postid: 1
toc: false
title: Munsy.io announces new real-time strategy game with Planetstrife: War of Times
teaser-image: https://munsy.io/assets/images/planetstrife-logo.png
description: Today, Warchief Gaming, the tabletop gaming company revealed last year by Chris Metzen and Mike Gilmartin, announced today the introduction of their first new franchise world, Auroboros: Coils of the Serpent, a 5E tabletop RPG campaign setting. The first release in this universe, Worldbook: Lawbrand, is a source book based on the roleplaying campaign Metzen ran with his childhood friends in the eighties and nineties before he began his journey at Blizzard® working on worlds for Warcraft®, StarCraft®, and more.
date: 6/10/2021
---


Today, Warchief Gaming, the tabletop gaming company revealed last year by Chris Metzen and Mike Gilmartin, announced today the introduction of their first new franchise world, Auroboros: Coils of the Serpent, a 5E tabletop RPG campaign setting. The first release in this universe, Worldbook: Lawbrand, is a source book based on the roleplaying campaign Metzen ran with his childhood friends in the eighties and nineties before he began his journey at Blizzard® working on worlds for Warcraft®, StarCraft®, and more.


“I’m really excited to be coming back to this world I developed with my friends so long ago,” said Co-Founder and Chief Creative Officer, Chris Metzen. “Building this old campaign into a brand new tabletop experience is an ambitious undertaking, but I always knew it would I’d find my way back to Auroboros sooner or later.”


In order to bring Lawbrand from a decades-old campaign into a modern ruleset, Metzen sought help from former Hearthstone™ designer, Ryan Collins. “It’s been an exciting challenge to update a world as uniquely textured as Auroboros into 5E,” said Collins, Lead Product Developer for Warchief Gaming. “Helping Chris and our team of passionate designers and artists breathe new life into this setting has been an amazing adventure.”


The story of Auroboros began with friends imagining a new world together, creating community and lasting relationships through gameplay. When deciding the best way to bring roleplayers into this world, Warchief knew crowdfunding through Kickstarter was the obvious answer.


“We all feel the same in that we’re lucky that many of our professional and creative relationships have transitioned into strong personal ones,” said Co-Founder and President, Mike Gilmartin. “That’s really the drive behind Auroboros: creating and imagining together. What began as a community of friends weaving stories together will be brought to life through Kickstarter for a new generation of storytellers to enjoy.”

 

Learn more at www.unleashauroboros.com and follow Warchief Gaming on LinkedIn: /Warchief. Twitter: @Warchief

Contact: Josh Wittge – PR@warchiefgaming.com 

 

*About Warchief Gaming*

Warchief Gaming® aims to foster and harness the passion, collaboration, and imagination of creating immersive worlds with like-minded geeks. While actively engaging tabletop enthusiasts – running  events for games such as Dungeons & Dragons™, Warhammer 40,000™, Warhammer: Age of Sigmar™, Star Wars™: Legion and many more – Warchief Gaming is now in active development of new worlds and experiences as a premiere gaming studio. For more information, visit www.warchiefgaming.com.

Warcraft, StarCraft, and Blizzard are trademarks or registered trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Dungeons & Dragons, D&D, and all other Wizards of the Coast product names and their respective logos are trademarks of Wizards in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.